today i'm going to explain a comedy film
called not another teen movie which is a
parody of several movies like she's all
that american pie 10 things i hate about
you and more the story follows the
typical lives of several high school
students one of whom decides to take on
the bet of turning a rebellious girl
into their prom queen brimming with
juvenile humor on the nose satire and
chris evans in whipped cream this movie
paints an exaggeratedly accurate picture
of the mad house that is high school
spoilers add watch out and take care how
do you jump start your day some people
advertisers specifically think that you
should do it with a hearty bowl of
cereal meanwhile others think that
waking up at 4am jogging and taking a
cold shower while reading a self-help
book is the way to prime your day up for
optimal money making looking at you ig
entrepreneurs who received a small loan
of two hundred thousand dollars from
their parents while these are all pretty
okay answers they don't quite hit the
mark so cue janey bricks in southern
california teenager janie briggs starts
off her morning the way it's intended to
be with an adult away while janie's
writing on cloud nine her father mr
bricks suddenly burst through her door
to greet his daughter a happy birthday
he's happy as a clam and is completely
unaware that janey herself is in the
middle of climbing down then comes her
brother mitch her sweet grandparents the
local priest her kitty friends from the
center and of course the family dog with
the dog pulling on the sheets janie's
toy flies up up and away and a scream
bursts in everyone's face happy birthday
jenny later at johnny xy janie's best
friend ricky lipman
talks to her and gives her a mixtape for
her birthday telling her how much he's
in love with her janie thanks ricky for
the gift and she casually tosses it
inside her locker which contains all the
other tapes he previously given her on
the other hand mitch and his friends ox
and bruce make a pact to lose their
v-card by graduation even though they're
only freshmen the three boys see their
crush amanda becker and all they can do
is stare at her meanwhile the popular
jock jake wyler arrives too and the
girls can't help but fawn over him and
throw their underwear at him for jake to
keep while talking to his friends austin
and malik
jake's sister catherine
shows up despite having already
graduated years ago she's attracted to
her own brother and it makes jake
uncomfortable to even talk to her we're
starting out strong with our first look
at john hugh's eye you have your trusty
best friends whose middle name is shrimp
without the h you have the freshman
dudes making a pact to bury themselves
in a nice american pie before graduation
and you have the guy who gets underwear
thrown at him like their tomatoes in a
stand-up night oh and let's not forget
his sister who
moving on it's all in all just another
typical day at school when jake's
cheerleader girlfriend priscilla
shows up she tells him that she's
leaving him for another guy less
in the principal's office janie is
tasked to take a liberated foreign
exchange student areola to her first
class outside jake expresses his
disappointment about priscilla dumping
him and austin tells him it's because
priscilla is prom queen material
irritated jake says anyone can be prom
queen so austin suggests he'll pick any
girl in school for jake to turn into a
prom queen betting that he can't do it
jake agrees and as they look around for
the right girl they see a hunchback an
albino singer and even conjoined twins
but austin thinks all of them will make
a decent prom queen he then spots janie
and tells jake she's the one but jake
grounds in frustration believing she's a
hopeless case in the gym mitch and his
friends peek in the woman's locker
wondering what goes on in there curious
they used the vents to spy on the girls
during their class ricky keeps raising
his hands until the teacher conveniently
ignoring him finally lets him read his
poem entitled 10 things i love about
janie the moment he set the title a very
genuine not again could be heard from a
student before ricky professes his love
for the way janie drinks blinks breathes
exists he gets emotional when he gets to
the part about collecting janie's hair
and turning it into little janie
hairballs so he gets back to a seat back
in the gym mitch and his friends watch
one girl pee but when she starts doing
the number two the boys begin to feel
sick because of a loose screw in the
vent the ceiling gives in and they fall
all the way down to the classroom where
janie and ricky are the toilet bowl
makes a mess of all its contents spouts
out on the teacher and the three boys
including the being girl poor jake how
could anyone expect him to turn janie
into prom queen like the girl has clear
skin asymmetrical face and a fit body
whatever shall we do while we let jake's
do over his monumental challenge let's
have a look at ricky poor guy he needs a
clue a restraining order or poetry
classes maybe all three but at least he
likes janie even though she wears
glasses a ponytail and has paint on her
overalls thanks for the charity work
king later on jake asks janie out and
tells her she'll become famous in school
once they're seen together unfortunately
janie isn't interested in his offer
during their football practice jake
remembers how he led his team once and
caused them to lose once their training
is over jake asks his coach why he
didn't let him practice and the man
yells at him that he should be thankful
he's still on the team
sent to detention mitch and his friends
talk about the pact they've made but
their conversation is cut short when mr
vernon enters the room and scolds them
for what they've done later that day jay
gets into an argument with his father mr
weiler and he asserts that he doesn't
want to go to princeton mr weiler
understands where jake is coming from
and he sympathizes with jake about his
breakup he then tells jake that he's got
the perfect rebound girl for him but
jake's excitement turns into
disappointment when mr wyler brings his
mother beverly inside at janie's house
janie asks her father about what he
thinks she should do with jake since
she's wondering why a popular and
obnoxious guy like him would ask her out
feeling proud that his daughter values
his opinion mr briggs advises janey
today jake even though he only wants to
sleep with her he also adds that his
popularity might help janey in the long
run and janie thanks her father so
there's some people who would struggle
to pour water out of the boots with the
instructions on the heel case in point
mr weiler and mr briggs while they're
not exactly bad parents they're either
giving their kids terrible advice or
completely missing their beat some folks
just don't know what they're doing at
the wireless residence jake asks
catherine to help trick janie into
liking him catherine seduces jake
implying she wants them to sleep
together but jake pushes her away and
reminds them that their siblings
catherine then agrees to help jake and
eventually tells him the three things he
should do first she tells jake to earn
janie's trust but jake only ends up
punching mitch in the face as he tries
to defend him against bullies next she
advises jake to make janie feel special
by singing her a song that has her name
in it but this only makes the security
guards think janie is armed and tasers
her
third catherine suggests jake invite
janie to his house and there janey tries
and fails to tell jake to leave her
alone jake then leaves her to make some
snacks and when he comes back jake is
already naked with nothing but cherries
and whipped cream covering his private
parts however janie makes it clear that
his tricks won't work on her then leaves
the next day jake and catherine go to
janie's house for a makeover telling her
that they're going to the party of one
of his rich friends preston
catherine simply removes janie's glasses
and ponytail and as if she just
performed a miracle she presents janie
to jake and her family as janie descends
the stairs she makes a hole in one of
the steps and causes half of the whole
staircase to collapse and hurt to fall
into the big hole catherine's upbringing
is a bit questionable she's attracted to
her brother and is completely unbothered
that they are blood-related at this
point it's hard to tell whether their
parents know about it or not but it's
not surprising if they do especially
after mr weiler tried to make jake hook
up with his mother meanwhile janie's
beautiful side has finally revealed it
was definitely impossible to see with
the glasses and ponytail covering it up
after writing a letter to amanda mitch
and his friends attend preston's party
jake catherine and janie attend too and
most guests can't believe how different
janie looks priscilla gets jealous upon
seeing them and mitch bruce and ox
freeze at the sight of amanda later on
janie jumps into the pool after having
too much to drink when jake finds her
and asks her if she's okay janie learns
that he gave her non-alcoholic beer as
they talk priscilla confronts them for
being together and tells janie she'll
never stop being a loser she then pours
water on janie even though she's already
wet so the humiliated janey runs out of
the house after some time jake visits
janie to apologize and when he sees that
janie is painting they start talking
about how her mother died janie tells
jake how hard it was to take over her
mother's responsibilities when all she
ever wanted was to go to paris and
attend an art school there unfortunately
janie can't afford that but jake reminds
her that his parents give scholarships
to girls who can't pay for their tuition
janie expresses how much she wishes for
her life to turn into a fairy tale where
a guy would come and take her away
before janie can finish what she's
saying jake silences her and tries to
kiss her and janie does the same however
things get awkward when their lips don't
touch so jake excuses himself and leaves
turning heads at a party when you used
to be the biggest school loser check get
a girl who left her boyfriend fighting
you for being with the boyfriend she
left check again dreaming of going to
high school and having your love
interest be the convenient ticket to
your dreams big fat jack all these are
elements that'll make you go oh geez not
another teen movie upon sight and you're
left to wonder if groaning all the way
means that the movie is bad or if it
means that it's a genius parody at
school priscilla confronts janie for the
second time but janie simply ignores her
meanwhile austin can't believe that jake
wants to forget their bet about janie
jake then begins to pursue janie and
with newfound sincerity he asks her to
be his prom date janie delighted accepts
his invitation leaving ricky utterly
disappointed after some time jake
finally gets the chance to play football
again after one of his teammates gets
injured before jake goes to the field
the wise janitor talks to him and
advises him to forget about the past and
focus on his present as the crowd cheers
jake joins his teammates with only a few
seconds remaining in the game and makes
a bad pass causing them to lose after
the game janie tries to comfort jake by
telling him he didn't let her down even
though they lost as they talk an injured
austin arrives and whispers something to
janie making jay confess about their bet
janie gets confused and upset wondering
what jake is talking about and when she
runs away while crying austin reveals
the jake that he only pretended to
whisper something to janie things aren't
looking so hot for jake now maybe he
should go to prom with ricky and they
can be two dudes being bros at the prom
or he could apologize to janie and set
the record straight whichever goes first
later on jake and janey contemplate
their relationship with jake regretting
making that bet in the first place and
janie wondering if she should forgive
jake she then goes to prom with austin
where she tries her best to ignore jake
meanwhile mitch finally gives his love
letter to amanda who accepts it and
tells him she'd be happy to make out
with him jay gets jealous when austin
and janie dance so he asks catherine to
dance with him too however catherine
relentlessly tries to seduce him while
they dance she even kisses him in front
of janie making the latter upset and run
away jake attempts to follow janie but
gets distracted after being named
promptgang while the conjoined twins are
named prom queens after dancing with the
twins jake follows austin and janey he
even asks malik where he might find the
two unfortunately ricky stops him and
proclaims that he won't just give up on
janie the two boys rush to the hotel
where janie and austin are but sadly for
ricky he gets hit by a bicycle on the
way now alone jake finds austin in the
hotel and he's hooking up with a woman
there as he orders him to get off her
jake realizes that it's priscilla he
also sees less in the room recording
everything after learning that janie has
gone home he punches austin and
priscilla for hurting and humiliating
janie before he leaves jake punches less
for being weird it's pretty safe to say
that captain whipped cream doesn't have
the best decision making skills around
because why would he bring his too old
for school sister to prom when he knows
she just wants to get nasty with him why
won't he get a restraining order why
didn't he actually try to seek janie out
and explain things to her instead of
waiting for prom but that's fine the run
time would have been much shorter
otherwise and he redeemed himself by
lesbian weird jake goes to janie's house
to apologize to her and learns from mr
briggs that janie has gone to the
airport to go to paris ricky desperately
tries to follow too but he's hit hard by
a bus this time around at the airport
jake begs a line of boarding passengers
to let him through so he can catch up to
the woman he loves and they happily let
him when a bleeding ricky arrives and
uses the same excuse to the passengers
they'd just ignore him and even curse at
him jake then sees janie and tries to
stop her by hitting her head with a
football he snatched from a kid and to
express how he really feels he summons
the power of other iconic teen movie
characters by quoting their lines so
that they too can have a cute teen movie
ending after janie mistakes his last
speech as lines from karate kid the two
of them finally kiss and everyone
clapped literally everyone's cheering
for them even ricky who spent a long
time hounding janie there's a lot going
on here that's worthy of contention from
janie somehow being able to go to paris
from out of nowhere to ricky surviving
all those crashes without knocking out
from airplane passengers who are known
for being vicious actually letting jake
through it's a lot everything's absurd
because that's what the film is being a
parody of several teen movies it can't
help but go off the rails at every turn
and despite being satire that's also
life you win some but you lose a lot on
the way there and you end up in a bunch
of directions that you never expected
for yourself especially when you're
navigating the messy world of high
school for all its silliness and
absurdity the movie is still relatable
for its bittersweet look at being a
teenager but hopefully of all the things
that did get shown here we hope that you
don't relate to having a katherine in
your family or getting hit like ricky
twice in a day
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching